The next method under test is the get coupon method, this guy takes a coupon code and returns a coupon
back by invoking repo dot
find by code we need to mock this find by code, call on the repo, go back to the test class,
create a new test method.
Let me add some lines and push it up so that you can see it clearly.
The new test method is public void test get coupon.
Mark it with @ test annotation controller dot get coupon is the method, and this guy takes a coupon
code.
We have a code already as a constant supersale
is the code name hit control one assign statement to a new local variable call it Coupon Response.
One, at the end of it, a response that comes back to mock the call when repo dot
Find by code is invoked passing in the supersale
dot then return a new coupon back, we are going to extract this to a variable and we will set some fields
on it, hit control one on the new coupon extract to a local variable call this coupon.
Coupon dot set id one, two, three, you can set anything one, two, three, long L coupon
dot set code is super sale.
It can also said the discount, if you want to, so that you can assert on that later, coupon
dot set, expiry date if you want, you can do that.
And finally, that discount is new big decimal, say, 10 percent discount or ten dollar discount.
So once this is invoked, we get a coupon response back, we need to first verify if the repo dot find
by code method is being invoked.
So use the static, verify.
Repo outside the brackets, dot find by code with Supersale is being invoked or not.
Next, you can do the assertions assert not null the coupon response that is coming back and you can
add as many number of assertions you want as assert equals.
The expected is, say the discount.
Let's assert on the discount.
New big decimal.
Ten is what is being expected and the actual comes back on the coupon response dot get discount.
So we have stubbed out or we have mocked the call, then you have invoked the method under test, we
are verifying that the mocked objects find by code is being invoked.
And also we are doing the assertions on the response that comes back right
click run as if you don't see those configurations go to run configurations and just run by default,
your test will be selected.
So simply hit run and that will run all the tests for you.
Both the test create and test get coupon.
And let's see if we have any issues, everything is green, so both the tests have successfully passed,
meaning the code is working as expected.